README.md, before:

# Staff listings
Code used to produce the faculty and staff listings in applications

## Includes fetches for data that can be imported in mysql database
### harvest_people.py
 Python script that queries the UNL api at https://directory.unl.edu/ for individuals by department number.  
  The attributes we need are written to a csv file.  

 Requires the following python imports:
`json`
`urllib2` for querying the api
`codecs` for opening and writing to the file

The csv writing is very simple joined output and didn't seem necessary to use full csv support.

## javascript that uses json feeds to produces listings formatted to match the local CMS specifications

### directory_listings.js

Contains functions for 2 types of listings : people and subject librarian assignments.  Additional parameters allow us to filter by the status of people (faculty vs. staff) and format them differently based on that value.  

A function to create an alphabetical navigation for each version is included as well.  

To set up the javascript for use in a page:

  1. Include the css file `<link href="[path to css]/listings.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />`
  2. Include the js file `<script language="javascript" src="[path to js file]/directory_listings.js" type="text/javascript"></script>`
  3. Include an element with class "letters" for the letter navigation to be inserted into.  You can have multiple  (top and bottom for example)
  			` <p id="letters" class="letters"></p>` or `<p id="subject_letters" class="letters"</p>`
  4. Include an element for the formatted listings to go into: 
  
      `<div id="subject_people" class="overflow-visible"></div>` for subjects

       `<div id="people" class="overflow-visible"></div>` for people
  5. Include the following to initialize the page where [view name] = 'subjects' or 'staff' or 'faculty':
      
      `<script language="javascript" type="text/javascript"> listings.init('[view name]');</script>`

Commit message:

Updating readme to reflect new JAVA update files.

README.md, after:

# Staff listings
Code used to produce the faculty and staff listings in applications

## Includes fetches for data that can be imported in mysql database
### UpdateDirectory_java[version].jar
Java file that queries an api for json personnel information  and updates a mysql database via jdbc
This replaces the old harvest_people.py script

Launch it from the update.sh bash script

## javascript that uses json feeds to produces listings formatted to match the local CMS specifications

### directory_listings.js

Contains functions for 2 types of listings : people and subject librarian assignments.  Additional parameters allow us to filter by the status of people (faculty vs. staff) and format them differently based on that value.  

A function to create an alphabetical navigation for each version is included as well.  

To set up the javascript for use in a page:

  1. Include the css file `<link href="[path to css]/listings.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />`
  2. Include the js file `<script language="javascript" src="[path to js file]/directory_listings.js" type="text/javascript"></script>`
  3. Include an element with class "letters" for the letter navigation to be inserted into.  You can have multiple  (top and bottom for example)
  			` <p id="letters" class="letters"></p>` or `<p id="subject_letters" class="letters"</p>`
  4. Include an element for the formatted listings to go into: 
  
      `<div id="subject_people" class="overflow-visible"></div>` for subjects

       `<div id="people" class="overflow-visible"></div>` for people
  5. Include the following to initialize the page where [view name] = 'subjects' or 'staff' or 'faculty':
      
      `<script language="javascript" type="text/javascript"> listings.init('[view name]');</script>`
